Thanks Walla have fun :) For me oket Tuesdays 10:00am. No problem with the dates  I share with you my answer for later questions :

Which human subjects are impacted by this case?
Archives impact any individual who interacts directly or indirectly with these evolving documentary systems. It's complicated for me to determine the real scope of this impact in the digital age, as each archive has its own limits and doesn't just affect those with direct access. For example, although the Internet seems global, not everyone has access or is on the same network. Non-archives force us to rethink these interactions and better understand their true scope.

What non-human or more-than-human entities are affected by the existence and evolution of contemporary archival systems?
The impact on non-human I think is also super complex to define. On one hand, there's the physical impact on places where archives are stored, like those remote areas full of data centers. On the other hand, there are artificial intelligences and computational systems as non-human entities that are not only affected by archives but, in a way, are archives themselves or abstractions of them.

Who are truly the stakeholders in the management and evolution of archives?
I guess the interested party is whoever builds it. In the case of our archives, it would be mainly humans (I can't think of examples of non-human archives right now :/ ). Although AIs can participate or create their own archives, right now I see them as tools and, therefore, as extensions that respond to human designs and directives.

What fundamental philosophical concepts and approaches emerge when considering the nature of dynamic archives?
The idea of non-archives could evolve towards a more liquid archive that expands how we understand documentation and collective memory. Instead of sticking with the traditional idea of the static archive, it's about recognizing that the reality we try to document is constantly evolving, is not objective, and has more social and political aspects than technical ones. I'm worried though, about the fundamental challenge that no archive, however dynamic, can capture the totality of reality... or should it? :/

What legal implications arise when considering the possibility of granting legal personality to digital entities?
It's impossible for me to think about giving legal personality to current AIs because I understand them as technological tools. Instead, we could think of our information in archives as "digital individuals" linked to our identity. These digital representations might need some kind of legal personality connected to our own legal identity.

How might the legal and social landscape evolve in a future where more-than-human entities could obtain legal personality?
Giving legal personality to archives, whether traditional or AIs, could seek to protect their information and care for it, but it seems somewhat conservative and difficult to conceptualize (would there then be untouchable information or something?). "Digital legal persons" as extensions of human and non-human individuals are also hard for me to imagine - they would function as "legal avatars" representing digitized versions of our legal personality, but would they be part of our person or would they go separately? 
